Previously on 24...
You son of a bitch.
You're behind my son's death.
Madame President...
I have your husband.
You will have your forces
withdrawn from around my country,
Sangala, immediately and peanently.
Or your husband will die a slow
and certain death.
I just wanted to make sure
that you're still
coming to dinner tonight.
Marika, I can't. I'll make it up to you.
If you're looking for
rika, she's not with me.
I'm looking for you, Samuel.
Or whatever your real name is.
Now, I don't know who you
really are, and I don't care.
I just want you out of my sister's life.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Keep an incident quiet
until what Jack and
I are doing goes down.
What incident?
Vossler's dead.
Jack killed him at the hotel
on 18th and Reagan. It was seldefense.
Damn it, Renee, what the hell
are you doing with this guy?
You're supposed to bring
suspects in, not  murder them.
Until we know who
Dubaku's source is there,
you've got to hale
this outside the bureau.
Dubaku is the only person
with the names of the people
who betrayed you within your government
It's imperative that we find him.
You resigned from government service
d the Senate regards you as
having been a renegade agent.
How am I supposed to know
where your loyalties really lie?
With all due respect, Madame President,
ask around.
I got an address for Henry Taylor.
Get an ambulance!
No one else gets through here.
Follow me.
It'senryaylor, the esident's husband,
but that information is not
to be disseminated. Clear?
I...
Mr. Taylor, don't speak.
I need you to save your energy.
Over here!
Excuse me. Step back, please.
This is Unit Six.
We have a gunshot trauma to the chest...
Nine-mlimeter round.
Nine
- millimeter substernal.
Pulse is rapid. Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm gonna call the president.
I want you to search all
the rooms, see if you can get
anything off their hardware
that's going to tell
us where Dubaku went.
This is Jack Bauer.
I need to speak with the president.
Hold one moment, please.
Madame President,
I uld encourage you not to lose hope.
Dubaku knows we tried
to deceive him, Ethan.
He has no reason to keep Henry alive.
Jack Bauer is on line
one, Madame President.
Put him through.
Mr. Baue this is President Taylor.
Madame President, we have your husband.
He is alive, but he sustained
a gunshot wound to the chest.
How bad is it?
EM Ts are stabilizing him.
They're getting ready to transfer him
to West Arlington spital.
Mr. Bauer, be more specific.
Is my husband going to be okay?
We're not gonna know anything
until the doctors see him.
Ma'am, I have to wn you,
he has lost a lot of blood.
Jack, it's Bill. Do you have baku?
Negative... he was
gone before we got here.
Madameresident,
since your husband was the only leverage
that Dubaku had left, it's safe to say
that he is trying to
lee the country now.
Have you anydea how
he intends to do that?
Not at this time. Unfortunately,
all his men were killed
during the assault.
Agent Walker and I will stay behind.
We'll continue to search the area.
We have to assume that
Dubaku has an exit strategy
already in place.
Whatever we're going to do to find him,
we're going to ha to do it fast.
Yes.
Thank you, Mr. Bauer.
Please keep me apprised on everything.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm sorry.
I am so sorry, Madame President.
Ethan, 'm going to the hospital
to bwith my husband.
Ma'am, that's not possib.
You're exeting a military invasion.
My gen erals can execute
it perfectly well witut me.
We can't ignore the fact
the Secret Service has been compromised
The's no way we can
ensure your sAfety outside
e White House. I don't give a damn.
I am not going to be
held prisoner in is office
Iwhile my husband is
fighting prisofor his life.ice
Now, either find soone
to take me to the hospital
or I'll drivthere myself.
Madame President, you
know my record of service.
If it's acceptable to you, I'm willing
to assume responsibility
foyour security.
Bill, you're no longer credentialed.
You don't have the authority.
Until weapture Dubaku
and interrogate him,
we have no idea who in
the government is working
for m.
You do not know whyou can trust.
But I can trust you.
I brought this conspiracy
to your attention,
Madame President.
I would hope that I've earned it.
What do you need from me?
Reinstate my government clearance,
allow me the authority
to vet White House staff,
and allow to bring one
of my people into FBI
to provide Lar Moss
with tactical support.
Who is it th you want to bring in?
loe O'Brian.
I can vouch for her;
shs the best there is.
Her clearances were also revoked
when CTU was decommissioned.
Isn't there anyone capable
of handling these duties
without our having to reinstate her?
Someone in the Bureau
is on Dubaku's payroll.
Until we find out who it is,
Larry Moss can't te the chance
of bringing his own people
into a manhunt for Dubaku.
All right.
The Director of White House
Secret Service Operations
is Agent Hovis.
I'll order him to turn over
security protocols to you.
I know Ted Hovis, Madame President.
He's not gonna like
this; he's gonna fight us.
Well, consering that
agents under his charge
are responsible for what
happened to my husband,
I don't give a damn what he likes.
You have your provisional
appointment, Mr. Buchanan,
under the thority of this office.
Thank you, Madame President.
You can thank me by
getting me to the hospital.
I'll make the arrangements.
Mame President...
Your concerns are clear to me, Ethan,
but I've made my decision.
I'm only trying to do my job...
looking out for your interests.
My interest right now
is catching Ike Dubaku.
He has killed scores of Americans today,
he tried to kill my husband, and
he has corrupted our government.
Whatever it takes, I want
that son of a bitch found.
Marika... Marika.
Samuel, what are you doing re?
We nee d to talk.
Uh, okay, well, I get
a break in 20 minutes.
No, now.
Okay, what is it?
You're sring me.
I need to leave the country.
What?
When?
Right away.
I don't understand.
W-en are you coming back?
Marika, listen to me.
I ven't been entirely honest with you.
My passport visa expired
a couple months ago
an d I've been in the country illegally.
I'm afraid the immigration
people have caught up with me.
It was my sister, wasn't it?
She reported you, didn't she?
That doesn't matter now.
What is important is I have
to leave the country tonight,
anI want you to come with me.
Tonight?
Marika, we've talked about this.
I promised you that one day I
would take you away from here,
give you the happiness that you deserve.
Samuel, I-I want that, too,
but... but not tonight, not so soon.
Marika, I don't have
time to argue with you!
I'm sorry.
I can't leave Rosa.
She needs me; I'the only one
she has to take care of her.
You know that.
I know, I know.
Which is why she's going to join us.
Join us?
As soon as possible.
I could only arrange tickets
for both of us tonight,
but I want you to promise
not to tell your sister
of our plans, at lea not yet.
I have to; I can't just run off.
No, no, no, she might
cause trouble for us,
make it impossible for us to leave.
I promise you your sister will join us
within a couple of days of our arrival.
Okay? Our arrival where?
Belize.
I have shown you the
photographs of mhome there.
Do you love me?
You know I do.
Then trust me.
Say you'll come.
I'll get my things.
I still need to finalize
our arrangements.
I want you to go home and pack.
Wait for my call.
All right.
It's me.
Have you made the preparations?
Almost.
It's been tricky
clearing a flight corridor
since FAA still has st private
and commercial aircraft
since FAgrounded.as st private
I have faith you'll manage.
The arrangements are for two passengers?
Just as you requested.
Are you sure you want
to leave now, Colonel?
I can't imagine General
Juma will be pleased
to learn that you're
abandonin your mission.
The mission is  over.
I have done what I can do.
If that is not enough for Juma,
then to hell with him.
I've got your passports
and itinerary in hand.
Meet me at our usual spot in half an ho.
I'll bring them.
No, we'll meet in the
lobby of the Roosevelt
Continental Hotel.
That's not a good idea.
It'll be crowded there at thihour.
I know.
I want the meeting earlier.
I' see you in 15 minutes.
Go.
I can't get it to boot.
Hard drive must be fried.
Damn it.
Let's search the bodies.
Start with him.
Yeah.
Renee, it's me.
Bill Buchanan just briefed
me on your situation.
What's Hen Taylor's status?
They've got him in an ambulance
en route to West Arlington Hospital.
I don't know his current condition.
Buchanan told me you and
Bauer were in a firefight.
Yeah, we took down six of Dubaku's men,
buDubaku was gone before we got there.
You all right?
I've been in worse.
I'm fine, Larry.
Really?
I'm not so se about that.
And what is that supposed to mean?
I'm looking at a report
faxed to me from Metro Police.
A Mrs. Carol Vossler
islaiming an unidentified woman held her
and her child hostage at gunpoint.
Shsays the woman
threatened to kill her son.
Larry, we discussed this.
We needed to get Vossler to tell us
where Taylor was being held.
It was the only leverage we had.
Yeah, right, whatever's necessary.
Jack Bauer's rationalization
for every unethical action he takes.
It worked, Larry.
Doest that count for something?
Renee, Jack Bauer is
about to be strung up
by a senate subcommittee,
and you are following his playbook.
You already got the AG's office
looking into that thing youulled
with Tanner's respirator, and now this.
No one was actually hurt. No one...?
Renee, Bauer kild the woman's husband!
Renee, I swear to you,
I am scared of what is happening to you.
You put these people through hell
and it doesn't bother you.
I dn't say that it
doesn't bother me, Larry.
I said that it worked.
Of course it bothers me.
I can see that woman's face.
She and her child
staring at me with such...
She had no idea that
her husband was a killer,
a traitor to his country,
and she looked at me
like Ias the monster.
Agent Walker.
Hold on.
I cross-referenced the information
on theseDAs.
I came across some banking transactions.
All from a series of accounts
registered to the same address.
You think it's a safe house?
It's worth a shot.
Larry, we may have an address on Dubaku.
21917 Euclid Street.
Apartment six.
21917 Euclid Street, unit six.
We're moving out now.
Can you provide sat surveillance?
Yeah, Bill Buchanan's
sending somebody over
to run tech, but until
she's up and running,
you're gonna have to go in blind. Okay.
We'll be in touch.
You sure you're okay?
I'm fine.
Let's go.
Federal instigations continue
into the terrorist acts
that have gripped the nation's capital,
as well as the people of Kidron, Ohio.
Despite assurances by President Taylor
in her national address that the
threat has passed, Hey, honey.
sources at the White
House will not confirm
that all those responsible
have been accounted for.
Now, are you sure you're
not gonna need my help?
I'm just running FBI ops temporarily
until they catch Dubaku.
Once they find him,
hopefully he'll tell us
the names of all the people
on his payroll that are
inside our government.
And then, we can go home?
Then, we can go home.
Well, just be careful.
All right?
'Cause if Buchanan's right and Dubaku
has someone working inside the Bureau...
I'll watch my back.
You just watch Prescott.
Okay, sweetheart,
Mommy has to go to work.
You be good, okay?
Bye, Mommy.
Bye.
You be good, too.
I will.
By
And if you get all jammed
up, you know where to find me.
I need you to cross-reference
our deployments with Homeland.
Make sure the requisition
numbers match up.
After that, you can catch up
on the hourlies. Are you joki?
That is busy work, administra tive cp
you're handing me. Janis...
I don't have the time or the inclination
right now to explain
my assignments to you.
Just get it done.
Agent Moss, Chloe O'Brian
just cleared security.
She's on her way up.
All right, thank you.
Janis, set up a secure VPN socket.
Port it to the conference room.
Why do you need a VPN socket?
I'm bringing in a
consultant from Homeland
to confirm there are no lingering gaps
in the CIP firewall.
That's fine. Take that downstairs.
Ms. O'Brian, Larry Moss.
Welcome to the FBI. Hi.
You can calle Chloe.
All right, we're right in here.
Buchanan said you'd be up to speed.
I'm up.
Good.
Agent Walker and Bauer are pursuing
a potential lead on Dubaku.
They're en route to this address
in the Mount Pleasant District.
Agent Walker's requesting
satellite support.
What's the matter? Is something wrong?
I'm feeling a little exposed here.
If someone out there
is working for Dubaku,
shouldn't we be doing
this more covertly?
As far as anyone knows,
you're working on
shoring up our firewall.
Besides, this is the
only space available
where you'll have full
access to our server.
Our network doesn't
pport remote modules.
That's inefficient.
Whoever set your network up that way
didn't know what they were doing.
I set ounetwork up that way.
Okay
Something else?
You worked with Bauer for
a long time, didn't you?
Seven years, on and off.
That's impressive.
That you survived the experience.
What are you talking about?
Only that a lot of people didn't.
Curtis Manning, Ryan Chapelle.
His own wife.
Are you saying it's Jack's
fault his wife was killed?
You telle.
Jack Bauer is the most trustworthy,
honorable man I know,
and he's my friend.
Maybe you should worry less about him
and more about the mole in your office
woing for Dubaku.
Is that Chloe O'Brian?
What? In the conference room.
Chloe O'Brian...  she was senior analyst
at CTU.
I once took a seminashe gave.
What's she doing here? Larry
said Homeland sent her over
to check for residual breaches
fr the firewall attack.
Huh. What?
It just doesn't sound
like her area of expertise.
Besides, as far as I know,
she's been inactive since
CTU was decommissioned.
Your passports and travel itinerary.
A Hawker-Siddley 748 is
fueling at Taft Airfield.
Be ready to fly within a half hour,
get you to the Cayman Islands.
You shouldn't have any trouble
getting to Belize from there.
I need a car to the
airfield and a driver.
I assumed you had your
own transportation.
It's not for me.
I see.
It's for the gir
Well, m not sure I can find
someone I trust on such short notice.
Really?
What about your man at the bar?
Excuse me?
Or o ne of the two on
the balcony watching now?
Or the two in the black Town Car
waiting for me to leave?
Do you think I am a fool, Mr. Burnett?
I knowou people see
me as a liability now.
These men are here to guarantee
your safety, Colonel,
not to threaten it.
Guarantee my safety.
How nice.
And said with such sincerity.
I want you to take this
message back with you.
If anything should happen to me
on my way out of t country...
an accident or an assassination
attempt, anything...
if the plane that you
were so generous to
donate decides to explode,
a data file with all the
names and bank transactions
of all those involved will be
sent to the Justice Department.
That is completely unnecessary.
The same holds true
if anything should
happen to Marika Donoso.
I swear to you, she
knows nothing of this.
She is no threat to you.
Make sure your driver knows
this before he brings her to me.
Do you understand what I am saying?
I want you to tell
me that you understand
what I am saying to you, so there
will be no stakes.
I understand.
Good.
The one thing I have learned
in the company of mercenaries,
Mr. Burnett, ithat ultimately,
they care about thing
but their own survival.
Good day.
I was right.
Dubaku suspected wwere gonna
take him out, and apparently,
he assembled evide nce to
use as an insurance policy.
We need to make sure he
gets out of the country
and safely into exile.
Otherwise, we're all compromised.
I'll make the calls.
What are you doing?
Rosa.
Where are you going?
Rosa, listen to me.
We're going away from here.
All of us.
Well, what do you mean, all?
Samuel told me the truth.
He's an illegal, just like you thought.
He has to leave the country,
and I've agreed to go with him.
You're leaving me?
No, no, only for a short
time. You're gonna come, too.
Samuel's made plans.
We're gonna live
with him in his home in Belize.
Marika...
he's lying to you.
He's not.
I won't let you do this!
My God, Rosa.
I have taken care of you my entire life.
I've sacrificed everything for you.
Why can't you let me have this?
I don't trust him.
Oh, well, you never ked any man
who's ever shown an interest in me.
Every chance I've ever had at happine,
you found some way of ruining it.
But not this time. Marika,
I'm begging you, listen to me.
No. Marika, please.
Stop.
Move!
Marika, please.
Listen to me. m begging you, Marik...
FBI...  don't move!
Get on your knees now!
On your knees!
Both of you, put your hands
behind your head,
interlock your fingers.
Now!
Do not move.
We're clear.
Where is Dubaku?
Who? Don't play games with me!
Ike Dubaku...  we traced
bank accounts to this address.
Now, where is he?
We don't know who you're talking about.
Let me make try and
make this easier for you.
You know this man?
No.
You're lying to me.
Why are you lying to me?!
Let meee.
That's him... we know him.
He calls himself Aboa, Samuel Aboa.
Rosa, shut up! She was
going to meet him to leave m
Where we you gonna meet  him?
Where were you ing?!
I  don't know.
How do you know him?
You work for him? No.
Do you work for him? No.
You know wt he's doing
here in this country?
Do you have any idea...
what this man is?
He's everything to me.
Nurse...? Mitchell.
Nurse Mitchell, I'd
like to see my husband.
Uh, ma'am, I...
I don't know if that's possible.
I was told that Dr. Schulman
will be doing the surgery.
Where is he?
Excuse me, Madame President.
I'm Lee Schulman,
your husband's surgeon.
If you come with me,
you can see him now,
but you'll need to keep it brief.
Thank you.
You should know th Mr. Taylor's looking
at a minum of five hours in surgery.
The bullet lacerated
his pulmonary artery
and lodged in his thoracic region.
He's also suffered
massive internal bleeding.
Can you offer any kind of prognosis?
I'm a blunt woman, Dr. Schulman.
I appreciates bluntness.
His chances aren't goo ma'am.
But I'll do everything I can.
If you'll excuse me.
I need to scrub up now.
Dr. Schoenfeld, 305.
Henr Darling, can you hear me?
Ally.
Yes, sweetheart.
I'm here.
I'm so sorry I didn't
listen to you about Roger.
You were right.
It wasn't suicide.
know that now.
You were always right.
He was a hero.
Yes.
He was, and so are you.
I'm sorry, Madame President,
but the anesthesiologist is ready now.
Mr. Buanan?
Yes, Madame Presiden
There's something I need you to for me.
Have someone find my daughter
Olivia and bring her to me.
Have you had a chance to tell her?
My daughter and I haven't spoken
r some time, Mr.  Buchanan.
She'd never get on the phone with me.
She works for a consulting firm...
Martling/Norris.
Do have someone
trustworthy you can send?
Yes, ma'.
I believe I do.
And here he is again
in the uniform of the Presidential Guard
at the gates of the
notorious Mukatu prison.
And here, inside the soccer stadium
after the Barakar Massacre.
The event th earned him the nickname
The Butcher of Sangala.
Oh, please. No more.
What did you say his
real name was again?
Dubaku.
Ike baku.
ve seen firsthand what he's capable of.
I wain Africa a few months ago.
He was responsible for
murdering a friend of mine.
Oh, God.
I know this is a shock.
And I'm sorry.
I really am.
But here's the situation.
We need your help, and we need it now.
What kind of help?
We need to put this man in custody
before he can leave the country.
Well, she already told you.
She doesn't know where he is.
Yeah, but you said earlier
that you were going to meet him. Where?
He didn't say.
Just told me to go home and
pack and wait for his call.
Give me your phone.
Why?
When he calls, I want you to answer it.
No. No, no.
I can't. I can't. Yes, you can.
Listen to me. Just...
Just-Just listen to me.
It's-It's over.
The man you thought you knew,
the man you had feelings for...
he doesn't exist.
All you've been left with
are his es andis betrayal.
Is that him?
Marika, please.
All I want you to do is answer the phone
and talk to him so that we can find out
where he wants to meet you.
Please. You can do this.
Please just try.
Hello.
Marika?
Yes.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
What took you so long
to answer the phone?
I was in the bedroom packing.
Where are you?
What's wrong?
You sound strange.
It's... It was Rosa.
She caught me packing, and we argued.
Is she going to a problem for us?
No.
m sorry, Samuel.
I hato tell her everything.
It was the only way.
But, uh... bushe understands now.
Are you certain?
ah. Yeah, she's fine.
Now that she knows she and
I will be together again
in a few days.
She should thank heaven
she has such an angel for a sister.
Are you ready to go?
Almost.
Hurry up then.
I've had a car sent for you.
It should be there very shortly.
Go downstairs and wait for it.
Where is it taking me?
Don't worry. The driver will know.
I just want the woman I love
to get downstairs as quickly possible.
Okay.
It's all right. It's all right.
You did great.
Did we get the rendezvous point?
No. He's sending a car with a driver.
Come here.
There's no one on the street yet.
We could grab the driver,
get him to tell us Dubaku's location.
There's no guarantee
we ca get him to talk.
And if we take too
long, Dubaku's not gonna
wait around. So then what do we do?
We can get her to go meet with him.
What? We could track her.
We could use her cell
phe as a transponder.
You want to send that girl to Dubaku?
We don't have another choice.
Jack. You want to get Dubaku,
this is our shot.
Marika?
I have a favor to ask of you.
We can't make you do this.
But when the car arrives,
we would like you to go
with the driver so that we
could follow you back to Dubaku.
Oh, what-what are you talking about?
You want her to go to him and face him?
It's the only chance we
have of finding him before
he disappears forever. I'll do it.
- I'll do it.
- No!
I'm your older ster,
and I won't allow it.
It's not your decision to make, Rosa.
It's mine.
Anit's the right thing to do.
Let me see your phone.
What are you doing?
Getting your SID number.
It's how we're going to track you.
You're not gonna be out there alone.
Agent Walker and I
will be following you.
We'll never be more than a mile behind.
As soon as you reach the destination...
that's when we'll move in.
Marika.
A mile! Are you crazy?
Rosa, enough.
You heard what he said.
He's a murderer!
He could hurt you. He won't.
Rosa, I should have liened to you.
Sweetheart.
You warned me about him.
Listen, the only reason
why I said those things
was because I was jealous.
And I dn't want to lose you.
Larry, it's Jack.
Renee said you had someone
running operations support?
Yeah. She's right here.
I'll put you on speaker.
Jack, it's Chloe.
Chloe. CHLOE: What do you need?
How long's it gonna take you
to set up a SAT beacon
for a mobile line?
Usually a few seconds,
but with the backward way
they have the system set up,
it's gonna take at least a few minutes.
Okay, well, let me
give you the SID number.
1-C-4-8-6-8-9.
You got it?
Got it.
Jack, who are you tracking?
A woman who's involved with Dubaku.
He's sending a car to take her to him.
She's one of his operatives?
No.
It's-It's mo complicated than that.
Arthur, you're not
going toind another firm
that's done more
high-level consulting work
for a relatively small
pharmaceutical company
like yours.
Remember, my firm helped
the governor craft a plan
to swap property taxes for sales taxes
in h last budget reform.
Tell me that didn't save
Dexter-Carr a bundle.
Oh, it did, Olivia.
But since I'm specifically
looking to hire you,
I need to know what you yourself can do.
Whatever you need.
You know my accomplishments,
yove seen my resume.
I mean White House influence.
Considering your family.
We're not lobbyists, Arthur.
It states that clearly in the contract.
I just thought, since you
had the president's ear...
I don't.
Is that going to be a problem?
Excuse me, Ms. Taylor?
Do know you?
My name is Aaron Pierce.
Your office told me you'd be here.
I've been dispatched at the
request of the president.
Yo credentials say you've
retired, Mr. Pierce.
Perhaps no one informed you
I refused Secret Service
protection months ago.
I'm aware of that, ma'am.
This is a special rcumstance.
Well, as you can see, I'm
a little busy right now.
This isn't a good time.
I'm sorry, but I have to insist.
It's really... It's all right. No.
No, it's not all right.
What is it that's so impornt
for my mother to steal me away
while I'm trying to do business?
I'm not at liberty to say, ma'am.
That information is confidential.
Olivia, we can pick
this up at a later time.
Arthur, wait...
We'll be in touch.
Ma'am, please?
I'm not going anywhere with you
until you tell me what this is about.
'sour father, Ms. Taylor.
He's been shot.
He's in surgery at
West Arlington Hospital.
Your mother's there now.
None of this is public knowledge.
My God, I...
My car is just outside.
Uh-huh.
Excuse me, Sean.
Can I please get the digital
beta key for the server?
Why?
Larry asked for it.
mething to do with
the firewall asssment.
If Larry wants it, why
esn't he come to me?
I don't know.
Maybe I oughto go ask him. No.
Okay.
I think that Larry
brought in this woman,
Chloe O'Brian, to replace me.
And I just want toet a bead
on what they're working on.
That's all. That's all?
That's enough to lose us both our jobs.
Well, maybe I should
stop covering for you.
What are you talking about?
Erika
and you, and your little
sexual indiscretions.
I've said nothing to Larry or your wife.
I'm sure you'd like
me to keep it that way.
You're a ltle bitch, you know that?
Yore a little bitc h.
Okay, Jack. The link's
up, I've got the signal.
Copy that. I'll get back to you.
We're on.
Marika...
we got to go.
It's all right.
You...
FBI.
You keep her safe, you hear me?
We will.
I'm really scared.
You're going to be fine.
Just remember, we're right behind you.
Move up here.
Now, listen, if you get into trouble,
you can signal us by
dialing one-zero... No.
No, I don'want you to do that.
Don't do anything that's going to raise
the suspicion of the driver. Okay.
You ready?
I'm ready. Yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
What the hell are you doing?
She was scared.
I wanted her to know
there was another opon
than waiting for us to swoop in.
If we're going to find Dubaku,
there are no other oions,
you understand?
Come on, you've run
operations like this.
Not without fu tactical support,
and at least two backup
units on the scene.
She's naked out there,
Jack. I don't like it.
This isn't about you.
Thiss about her and Dubaku
Listen, life gets ugly,
innocent people get
hurt... that's a reality.
At least she got to make a choice
to be involved, to do the righthing.
Which is a lot more
than I can say for
Dubaku's other victims.
We have one job here...
that's to get Dubaku.
Outside of that don't@get involved.
Chloe, the car's here.
CHLOE: Copy that.
She's getting in the car.
Co.
She's moving.
Are you locked in?
Yeah, I've got them
heading south on 14th.
Can you upload the tracking grid
to Agent Walker's PDA?
No, I'll have to direct you.
Just keep us close. Understood.
Head towards 14th, make a right.
Copy that.
How much further?
Continuing west on R Street,
crossing Hampshire Avenue.
You're less than a mile
behind the target car.
Copy that.
Target car is turning,
left on Connecticut.
Okay, rounding Dupont Circle.
Agent Moss, is there anything
in the northern quad of the grid
that would indicate where
Dubaku can hide a plane
or a helicopter? MOSS: No.
Nothing finitive.
Could be any number of launch sites.
What was it? What happened?
Jack, we've got a problem.
Chloe, what's wrong?
We just lost the tracking grid.
What?! I-I don't know.
It just suddenly glitched out.
We can't afford to lose them.
Jack, I gave this woman
my word we'd protect her.
I know. Chloe, get it back up.
We're doing our best, here, Jack.
Wait.
It's back up.
What the hell happened?
I don't know, I'm running
a diagnostic right now.
Jack, they're moving southeast
on Massachusetts Avenue.
You've closed the gap
to about a half mile.
You may want to back off a little bit.
Okaycopy that.
Oh, no.
What?
Somebody was in the system.
What? What are you talking about?
I'm saying someone in this office
was mirroring my terminal.
Whoever it was knows
exactly what we were doing.
Can you backtrace the breach?
No. The link was severed.
It could have come from anywhere.
Jack, yogetting this?
It looks like we might
have a security breach.
Someone is mirroring our comm.
Jack, they're coming from all sides.
Larry, we got a situation here.
I got Metro PDs What's going on?
trying to build a roadblock around us.
What?
Why would they be doing that?
I don't know. Just get 'em off us!
Larry, do something!
This is Agent Moss.
Connect me with Metro District Command.
Hands in the air! Hands in the air!
My name is Jack Bauer,
my passenger
is a Federal Agent.
Get out ofhe car right now!
Federal agent!
She's a federal agent!
Put your hands behind your back, sir.
Come on, Larry, do something!
Captain, you've got to release
these people immediately!
No. No, that is a mistak
No Federal warrants have
been issued for them!
Yes, they have.
A warrant was called in for the vehicle.
"Occupants armed and dangerous,
to be apprehended with decisive force."
Issued by whom?
FBI. There's no attribution,
but the routing code's real.
This was definitely
done by someone here.
Marika's car just turned
east onto N Street.
Captain, listen carelly.
I'm the Special Agent in
charge of this operation,
and I am revoking these
warrants immediately.
No.
No, I don't have time to
deal withour chain of command.
You need to release
these people right now!
Hey. Thank you.
So is O'Brian here to replace you?
I don't know. No.
Larry's using her for some kind of
covert operation with Jack Bauer.
They're tracking a car to Dubaku.
Why would he keep us in
the dark about something
like that? I don't know.
I don't know, but I don't like it.
Hey, I took care of Bauer and Walker.
They're pinned down.
Why am I being brought
in on this so last minute?
Moss is running this Op on his own.
It took me some time
to tap into his phone line.
He's on with Metro right now.
Can you at least disable
the tracking signal
they're using to follow the girl?
No, not from my console.
But judging by the
frequency, they're using
her cell as the traker.
All right.
Good work.
You told me that once
Dubaku served his purpose,
you'd take him out.
Why are we still helping him?
He's thrtening to expose us
using the database he's kept
with nes and accounts
of everyone involved.
Including mine?
I mean, everyone.
We don't know where the file is,
so you just tter pray
that he gets awa y.
Yes, it has to do with
the terrorist threats
that happened this morning.
Hello?
You got a problem.
What is it?
Your girlfriend's
been turned by the FBI.
I don't believe you.
They met with her lf hour ago,
told her who you really are.
That's impossible.
Marika would never do this.
I got it from our
source inside the Bureau,
it is definite.
She agreed to lead them to you,
using her cell phone as a tracker.
Look, my source managed
to stall their surveillance
team for a while,
but you need to get to
the airfield immediately.
I'll call my driver,
have him take care of her.
No. I'll do it.
Colonel, I told you,
they are tracking her.
If you let her come to you,
you're risking your chances of escape.
I said, I'll take care of her!
Transcript: yyets.net
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org